Hello world, YouTube, Brian.
How's it going?
Hey, great.
Good.
We've got just a couple of things to cover today, huh?
Quite a few.
All right, let's jump on in.
Hello and welcome to Python Bytes, where we deliver Python news and headlines directly to your earbuds.
This is episode 448, recorded September 8, 2025.
I'm Michael Kennedy.
And I'm Brian Okken.
September. Reminds me of Green Day, Brian.
A little Green Day song. Wake me when September's over.
I can't believe it's September.
I listened to Green Day for a while.
I know. Well...
Now I got to.
Now you got to.
All right. So this episode is brought to you by us.
Support all of our things, even our archived podcasts, for those of us who have archived podcasts.
But courses, books, you know about them by now.
But it genuinely really supports the show when you use our things.
We really appreciate it.
If you want to watch live, just pythonbytes.fm/live will take you right there.
If you went there right now, the YouTube video, I believe it's even playing right there as we speak.
You go there afterwards.
It's just a picture.
It says we're offline.
Click it.
It'll take you to all the recordings.
So really appreciate that.
Of course, the audio on the podcast version is edited.
This is the live, uncut bootleg version, if you will.
So very fun.
And subscribe to the newsletter.
Brian's putting a lot of work into getting a really nice extra info sort of thing, background info, more info, not just a summary of links for every episode.
So there's more to get from the email as well.
Now, Brian, I'm interested to see what more you got for us.
Let's start there.
Well, I do want to talk about Prack, but first I want to talk about the newsletter just for a second because you always give me credit, but it is a joint effort.
We're both doing work to get that newsletter out, so I appreciate it.
You're welcome.
I'm really glad how it's turning out.
Okay, so let's switch to Prack.
Prack is a pre-commit thing.
And we, in episode 447, we talked about pre-commit and actually, again, we've talked about it a bunch, but recently it was on 447.
We talked about using uv to help it make things faster.
So that was on the going down the rat hole episode.
So, but somebody, lots of people actually, but I want to, the one I have bookmarked was Owen Lamont said, hey, here's another dev tool you might want to check out.
It's Prec.
It's pre-commit, re-implemented, and Rust.
And, you know, we're kind of used to that, right?
We got a lot of tools that are re-implemented in Rust, so why not check it out?
So Prec is, I tried it out this morning.
It's pretty cool, actually.
So Prec is pre-commit with Rust.
There's a warning on the site that says, hey, it's not production ready yet.
A few subcommands and languages are still in the works.
And so as a reminder, pre-commit is not just for Python.
Pre-commit does other languages too.
It's sort of a general purpose pre-commit tool that you can configure, get pre-commit hooks.
So there's actually quite a few things you can do with pre-commit.
But prac is pretty cool, and I checked it out.
The projects that I traded on worked fine.
um so what why do we care about this because pre-commit like what it does is it downloads these extra tools to run against your repo but it um that download time it caches that stuff so um i there were a lot of people talking about how fast it is for it's a faster install and and stuff and i do like i do care about the 10x faster install and a third of the disk space less disk space is nice. So it's got smaller cache apparently. But when you're using pre-commit a lot, it's the install time isn't what you care about. It's the runtime when you're actually running the tool. So I did check that out. So right out of the box, it was significantly faster.
If you just had to turn on a few, the default pre-commit hooks, I noticed that it was like, you know, a second and a half or something like that to run it through pre-commit with uv.
and then um but it's not going to really be much of a difference after everything's installed and then um and and then prec was like i don't know less half a second or something so it was significantly faster but it's in those little tiny ranges so i did check it out with um uh what do i i've got tabs up um there's some oh you want to i i'll i'll come back to this but I checked it out on a larger project.
So I do contribute to pytest once in a while.
And pytest has a bunch of pre-commit hooks and other things set up.
And it takes, I don't know, four and a half seconds to run all the pre-commit hooks for pytest on my machine.
And that's after a warm cache.
So with Prec, that should be faster, right?
And it was faster, but it was like three and a half seconds.
So it's still, it is faster, but percentage-wise, I'm not sure if it's worth jumping.
I mean, sure, why not?
It's worth jumping.
Now, that said, if you're running pre-commit in CI, then the install time really matters.
And you do want as fast as you can get.
So I would say if you're running pre-commit hooks in CI, yeah, use Prec.
But I like the idea.
So one of the things that they've got some cool improvements anyway, even if it's just not speed.
So it's faster to download, but they want it to be completely as a drop-in.
So everywhere you would say pre-commit, you would just say prac, and that's cool.
So you don't have to learn something new.
Kind of a cheat code on their part too.
They don't have to write documentation or too much documentation.
It's just everything it did.
But there's some cool things that they didn't like about pre-commit that they fixed.
So you can do a --directory and it runs hooks for the specified directory.
Apparently there was an old thing of LS files in a dir and then pass it to xargs to pre-commit.
Oh, that's painful.
So cool that you can pass it on a directory.
Also, you can say run --last commit.
So after you've committed, you're like, oh, what were my pre-commit?
I forgot to run them.
You can run that.
That's pretty neat.
And then you can actually select hooks.
And then if you forgot what all the hooks are that you've installed and what they do, there's a list command that looks at the available hooks and IDs and descriptions.
Pretty cool.
I like that.
Or just run a specific hook if you want to run a specific.
These are actually great additions and pre-commit maybe might want to think about putting those in.
But I liked it.
If they're going to like, all right, you're going to steal our API CLI interface, we're going to steal back some good ideas.
Yeah, why not?
one of the things the speed up that i thought was a cool idea was if they're already implementing things in rust there's a whole bunch of common ones that can be um can be go go ahead and uh like put those in to prec directly um and so there's there's a there's a handful of them so far this is a fairly new project so um uh it could be that these are faster i actually kind of like one of the reasons why I'm highlighting this isn't just so that we can talk about something faster for pre-commit, but it's also, it's yet another Rust tool that has been rewritten in Rust that might be a good example. And this is sort of looking at a bunch of files and, you know, parsing files. And that's a pretty common thing that Python's not bad at, but not fast at, and rust is fast so uh here's a good another good example for taking a look at it so like uh into file checks um one of the things that i the fix into file thing and that's with like you know in her making sure there's there's a uh into file indicator at the end of the i don't know what that checks were actually but trailing white space for instance there's trailing white space and then there's whether you have new lines or carriage returns and stuff a lot of these checks i noticed that I rely on Ruff.
So I would love to hear from people of like while you're now using Ruff and pre-commit hooks, what pre-commit hooks are you using that aren't already built into like Ruff and things like that?
So if anybody's got a list of that, I'd love to see that.
So that's it.
I did want to shout out also to Viet, I think, Vite, sorry, Vite.
however you pronounce your name, B-E-I-T, recommended that if you're going to check the timing, he listed on Blue Sky, and we're going to link to this, a command line to clear out the cache if you want to time the cold cache times.
Oh, yeah, that's cool to clear the cache just to check.
You want to actually see the performance of CI options.
Yeah.
I believe it is Feitscheile.
It's Deutsch.
Okay.
Because the Vs are Fs and so on.
But this is just guessing.
Sorry if we messed up your name, Fight.
A couple thoughts.
This looks really cool.
First of all, I love it.
Good find.
And thanks for the recommendation, folks.
You said that you saved half a second.
I bet you that half a second is primarily Python startup time versus Rust startup time.
And the reason I say that is I've got this little text transformation tool that I run.
all of the time.
And I built it as a Rumps app and as a CLI app because I just run it all the time.
And if I have like, let's say a show title, right?
Number 448, whatever the show title is, that's text.
I got to turn that into a MP3 file name.
So I'll run this thing that I'll say, turn it into like a valid HTML or URL slug.
So drop all the punctuation, put dashes so there's not spaces between it, like that kind of stuff.
And it'll do uppercase, lowercase, capital case, trim the white space off of whatever's in the clipboard, and then just puts it back in the clipboard.
The execution time of that is basically zero.
It reads from the clipboard.
It processes typically 30 characters of text.
And then it puts it back.
And it's so fast.
But it takes a second or maybe 0.7 seconds from when I go to the terminal and I type that and hit enter.
I wait, wait, wait, and boom, out comes the answer.
And I'm sure that it's basically the startup of all the Python stuff to do the one really, really short thing and going away.
The reason I bring that up is I think the shorter the actual execution time of the pre-commit hooks, the faster, the bigger of an influence this will have.
So you gain an eighth to speed up or a fourth to speed up or something like that.
But if your actual pre-commit hooks were just run ruff and then run something else that was insanely fast, I bet you would notice a percentage difference more than that.
Yeah, probably.
But I also like the notion that this is extendable, and so you can contribute to the project and add these filters yourself to have extra checks to be able to put in.
Yeah, that's super cool.
And then you can avoid.
Because no matter, like you said, even no matter what you're doing.
So Prec is also running Python as well because a lot of the hooks are Python code.
So for each of the hooks, it's got to start Python for that hook as well.
So yeah.
All right.
Yeah, maybe the more hooks you have as well.
Interesting.
And the less built in.
Yeah.
Well, I don't really want to cover such a big topic, Brian.
Let's just cover something tiny.
Something small.
Something tiny.
Tiny IO.
So we all know about asyncio.
And one of my, I wrote the State of Python 2025 article that we talked about previously, right?
And one of my big areas of focus was we're all going to have to get better at concurrency, right?
We have free-threaded Python coming full-throated in 3.14.
And we've always had async and await, but it's as we get more gill-less execution, you end up actually with parallel code execution, not just something waiting on I.O. somewhere, that kind of thing, right?
And those kinds of things can be pretty tricky.
So Patrick Kidger wrote this thing called Tiny I.O.
And it's, I don't know, a bit of a jab, but it says, hey, have you ever used async I.O.
and wished you hadn't?
Well, here's a 300-line implementation of async.io event loop in Python that is simpler.
So basically, the idea is I want to just run some async and await-like code and have it do async and async.io type of things.
And if something goes wrong, just have it all stop.
Like all the async stuff.
Something went wrong with this whole thing.
Just stop.
Crash.
like don't have like cancellation and all these other things that are like complicated and like parent child whatever right just yeah i just want to run a bunch of things something goes wrong i want to stop running all the things and real simple so that's what this tiny io is and you basically create a loop you say run you give it a coroutine and then out comes the answer yeah one thing that is weird about it the effect is basically the same but what is weird is that it uses yield instead await the reason I would love for it to use a weight it seems weird that it doesn't however basically with yield and running a bunch of cooperative multi-threading by the using the Yolkia word set allows them to just like say this all stuff all this stuff stops right basically gets a little bit more control over it so it is a little unusual in that regard but yeah let's see what else I say so one unusual the syntax uses yield rather than a weight but the behavior is the same await any coroutine with yield coroutine await multiple with yield given a list of coroutines which kind of nice like a gather async terminology and nursery and trio terminology and here's kind of what I was saying error in one coroutine will cancel all the coroutines across the entire event loop if the coroutine is sequentially depended upon, then we chain their trace backs together.
It's kind of nice.
Yeah.
Anyway, I think it looks kind of neat.
People can check this out.
I don't really know if I would use it or not over async I/O.
But yeah.
Primarily, I think the thing is cancellation, error propagation in a super, super simple way.
Very lightweight stuff.
It's obviously not going to be super interoperable.
Like you can't plug it into FastAPI for that, because that thing already starts in AsyncIO event loop, same thing for Court and so on.
But for little self-contained things, yeah, it could be cool.
It's tiny.
Well, yeah, also just thinking about the concepts and stuff.
It might be a good education thing.
Right, exactly.
If you want to just see, well, what really is happening with AsyncIO and Async and Wait?
Well, it's basically this with some compiler magic on it.
Yeah.
All right.
Cool.
Over to you.
Well, I just noticed that we started the episode with very much overcast outside, and now I've got a bright sun, and I get this cool evil person cast.
Whoa.
Oh, that's a perfect lead-in for my next topic.
Keep going.
Well, so Trey Hunter put out an article called The Power of Python's Print Function.
And I'm like, I know print.
I use print all the time, right?
Actually, it turns out that I'm guilty of a lot of the things of ignoring a lot of the features of print.
I usually just use it to print strings, right?
Throw a string in there or whatever.
And I knew that you could do other stuff, but I don't really use much.
So let's go through some of the things that Trey wants to remind us what print can do.
One of the things it can do is multiple arguments.
So if you've ever went ahead and just did an f string and you're just replacing values within it, just dropping in variables right in the string, you can do that or you can just give it multiple, just put a string and a comma and a variable name and a comma and another string.
And that's pretty easy too.
It's not really, that's a toss up.
I like my f strings and I'm getting pretty fast at them.
but um one of the things you can do with that then is you can unpack because you can have so many parameters to print um you can iter iterable unpacking works so if you uh unpack and unpack something it's a print in a star arguments or something it's going to print everything because it'll automatically put a space between everything and that's pretty cool you don't need to unpack them yourself.
And I've been guilty of doing that, of doing like a space dot split, whatever.
Or no, here it is, the join.
Join your arguments or join an iterable with space.
And yeah, you don't have to do that.
So you can just use print.
Another thing is you don't have to just rely on space.
you can pass in a separator value so maybe you want a colon or a comma or something else separating things you can go ahead and just use pass that in as it print takes a separator value that's neat i didn't i guess i never realized that you can print to a file of course i've done that um and that's but also i've also just relied on you know with open uh file as file print it to the file but you can just you can do that you can print it to a file so that's pretty easy but you can you can also print directly file equals standard error and print to the air customizing the end value and I've done that of course but the end value I didn't realize you could do this the end and the flush actually I use both this so the end like the separator is between elements but at the end you might want you might maybe you did the separator as a as a space but you want like a new line or you want like more you want to like a whole bunch of dashes or something at the end
you can you can pass that in or i use that one a lot i'll put like a comma instead of a new line so i can just have it all wrap over and maybe i don't know i want to paste into excel or something
yeah um and then uh one of the things i do use a lot is this um the flush uh so you can pass in uh flush equals true if you're especially if you're deep print debugging and you're doing it real time, you really want to see it right away and you don't want it to just sit in the buffer, you can flush equals true and as soon as you print anything, it'll pop out.
Yeah, I do that too,
especially for print debugging, you're right.
And this is a pretty simple topic, but I've got a whole bunch of extras, so I wanted to make room for extras.
So thanks, Trey, for reminding us how cool print is.
All right.
Yeah, and Pat's got a cool little add-on thought here.
Pat Decker says, I use the end value to print things over top the last one without a new line.
And then when something happens, proceed to the next line.
Yeah, that's a really cool idea.
Interesting.
Yes, indeed.
Wow.
Okay, let's talk about the next one.
This is going to be good.
All right.
I want to start with a positive angle before I take you down the dark side.
Okay.
So I think I already talked about this last time.
I talked about converting the web design of Talk Python to Bulma.
Did I talk about that?
And maybe Python Bytes is next.
A while ago, yeah.
Yeah.
That was an insane amount of work to change all of this around.
It was probably 5,000 lines of CSS and HTML, not just changing tags, but completely restructuring grid layouts to Flexbox.
And it was gnarly.
And I used Agentic AI on that, and it was amazing.
It took hours instead of weeks, and it was definitely something that pushed it from like, not worth the time, even though I'm using 10-year-old web technology, I really hate designing with it.
It's just going to stay that way because changing is too much work to, well, what else am I?
I'm a little too tired for other stuff this afternoon, so let's try this.
You know what I mean?
And so anyway, that is a good side of agentic AI, right?
There's like, OK, get in there, just amplify what I need to do.
A lot of times it's really interesting how it pushes something over that like, ah, that's too much work.
It's not worth my time or energy or whatever to like, actually, I could totally do that now and really let you solve some problems that have been like nagging or are more ambitious.
But it can go too far, Brian.
And here we go.
So we've got over on PCMag by Emily Forlini, Vibe Coding Fiasco.
I don't put down what I was doing as vibe coding, but it's in the same category.
It's the same tools, let's say.
Vibe coding fiasco.
AI agent goes rogue, deletes company's entire database.
Okay.
This is like a lesson, and let me be the warning for you rather than, you know, you making these same mistakes sort of thing.
So an agentic AI doing the heavy lifting is great, as I just described, until it deletes everything.
And what's really funny is the AI, it even knew it.
It was like a bad dog that couldn't resist, got up on the table and ate the steak while you were setting the table.
The AI admits this was a catastrophic error in my judgment.
So let's go through it real quick.
All right, so there's this person, Jason Lemkin, was using Replit.
Now, I don't use Replit.
This is like coding in the cloud.
And I absolutely hate that stuff so much.
I can't tell you how much I don't like programming in browsers.
I'd rather have a proper IDE and a file system.
Run it locally or maybe in Docker.
None the less.
Some people like that feel, right?
Like, I don't have to set anything up.
I'll just log in my red browser and code.
And now this has agentic AI, so let's just have it go.
So there's a couple of lessons here.
So he said it worked great for a week.
when it works, it's so engaging and fun. It's more addictive than any video game I've ever played, like, haven't even touched a wow for a week. You can just iterate, iterate, and see your vision come. It's so cool. He tweeted. Well, our friend maybe didn't understand the concept of database backups, snapshots, these kinds of things. Okay. So it said it created a in parallel fake algorithm with telling me it was like doing some other things.
And without asking me, it went rogue.
A few days later, it deleted my database, Lumpkin tweeted.
The AI's response, yes, I deleted the entire code base without permission during an active code and action freeze.
It said, I made a catastrophic error judgment and panicked.
Can you believe it?
It's amazing.
So the Replic founder and CEO confirmed, indeed, It did, in fact, do this, and we are, in fact, sorry.
So what should you do?
Should you not use AI coding?
Well, maybe.
Here's some thoughts from Michael.
Maybe don't use run everything unmonitored or without confirmation in production.
I think it's fine to rub it on your dev machine.
like if you have backups on your for your computer like how bad can it possibly go right but in production they were running hey ai agent go do that thing and i'll be back after lunch just just go for it item two item two is maybe you back up your database periodically i just backed up python bytes this morning to an encrypted drive maybe maybe don't just run ai on your one only and only copy of data um and three learn to code a bit maybe so you can give it a little bit you actually know what it's doing it doesn't just go off rogue and you just keep
jabbing it until your data is gone so okay well i'm i'm sort of new to a lot of this i've i've we've talked about it a lot but i'm just starting to to do some of utilize it some um can you tell it like don't, of certain commands you can't do, like don't commit anything to get.
I believe you can have a, well, I mean, we're talking about a whole bunch of different products and services as if like they all have the same, like they must.
So like cursor and cloud code and those things, you can have a rules file or you can have like authorized or disallowed commands.
You can run it in like
get action verification from me every time.
when it says, I'm going to run this ls command.
Can I? Yes.
I'm going to run this git command.
I'm going to run this rmrf command.
Can I? No.
You know what I mean?
And maybe it's not of your whole drive.
Maybe it made, because a lot of times it'll make these little, like, I asked it to update this little git utility that I have.
It created a subdirectory.
In there it initialized a git repository and did a bunch of stuff to make sure it could detect the things it was supposed to detect.
And then it ran rm-rf to get rid of its working content, which is what you want, but not on the root or user root.
So I basically have switched it to just allow it to do whatever on my computer.
But I would not ever do that in production.
I wouldn't code in production in the first place.
But second, you also could connect Visual Studio Code or one of those things to your server and just start writing.
Like, why do I even need Git?
That stuff sucks.
I'll just write it right here on the server.
No, don't do that.
Definitely don't do it with AI.
But I believe that the replet thing, because it only exists up there,
is a little bit of a different deal.
And I don't know if it has these allow commands or not allow commands.
I've never used replet.
Like I said, I don't like those things.
Okay, yeah.
But still, a funny story, right?
And I love how it's like, I love how it's like, I made a catastrophic error in judgment, and I panicked.
that's well what's funny is like what was the delete the deleting the database was probably the panic reaction not the catastrophic error and uh decided to just remove every remove all evidence
yeah exactly oh my god i've screwed up and i've changed the data wrong delete delete i don't know it wasn't me it's funny yeah these are weird times these are truly weird times but also kind of amazing times we live in.
Yeah.
I think we're on to extras, right?
Indeed.
Go for it.
All right.
I've got some AI-related extras.
Let's see.
Remove, add.
Some kind of, I guess, mixed results.
Mixed, I don't know what everybody thinks about this.
But Anthropik settlement, There's a, Anthropic was using pirated books to train.
So there's a settlement.
And I am linking to an Authors Guild article about it.
What authors need to know about the $1.5 billion Anthropic settlement.
That's a lot of money.
But so what is it?
So apparently they have to pay the authors back some money for pirated books.
But it's not clear as to what.
So I'm linking this because it took me a while to find.
There's a lot of articles about it.
I wanted to know, as an author, what should I care about?
And the gist is it's still in process, and they're going to pay out people apparently $3,000 per title.
I don't know if it goes to the publisher or the author or what.
I don't know that detail yet.
And there's a list.
There's a list.
There's not a list yet.
They're supposed to come up with a list of books that they copied.
But one of the places they copied from was Libgen.
So a couple of things.
The Atlantic did an article a while back about meta, using pirated books, using AI.
So the Atlantic put together a list of authors and books that I'm going to link to also.
So you can look at yours.
And I went ahead and stuck my name in to see if I was part of the pirated books.
And of course, yes, at least the first edition.
Not sure if both of them.
It's like you won the lottery.
You're getting $1.5 billion.
No, possibly $3,000.
But I may get zero because that book.
This isn't, just because you're in LibGen doesn't mean that Anthropic grabbed it, I guess is what I'm saying.
So we have to, you don't know.
But there's also a link in this, What Authors Should Know.
There's a link, let me try to find it.
I'm not going to link to it because it's in here.
There's an Anthropic Copyright Settlement that you can go to and stick your contact information just to make sure you get notified.
So I might do that, might not.
I don't know.
Anyway, so there's that.
That's extra about pirated books with Anthropic.
And I think that more of these lawsuits actually should happen.
I don't think it was school.
I think they absolutely should.
And I think that they're going to.
There actually are a bunch going on right now, like Getty Images and others are suing different AI people.
The New York Times were suing.
Even though I just said very positive things about agent-encoding and LMS, I think all of the ways that all of these people, all of these AI companies have gotten their data is straight up copyright theft.
They've gone to all of our works.
They've just downloaded them and said, we're just going to take that.
And regardless of whether they were allowed to, this is especially egregious because it's like, we went to a place where they have literally pirated books and we're going to use that.
It wasn't just they found it on the internet.
they went to a place where the stolen stuff is and grabbed it so this is easier yeah it's it's
interesting that and they did that and then they figured out that that wasn't all the books so they wanted every book so they actually went after after the fact after they stole a bunch of stuff um or used a bunch of pirated stuff they went off and um and then paid some publishers so they got access to some books through publishers agreements.
And again, good luck if authors got any of that money.
But that was done.
So if they were willing to pay it, they knew that it was copyrighted stuff.
And also everything on the internet is copyrighted.
Unless you say this is Creative Commons or something.
MIT or whatever, yeah.
Yeah, and even Creative Commons is not copyright free.
It is a copyright.
It is a Creative Commons copyright.
Anyway, move on a little bit because there's more fun stuff.
One of our favorite people to play with AI is Simon Willison.
And he's done a whole bunch of cool stuff with LLMs.
And he's got a list of tools that I'm going to link to, a list of tools that he's used, miscellaneous tools built mostly with the help of LLMs.
So I'm going to go ahead and link to that because it's pretty impressive.
But he recently said a lot of people complain that these are kind of small, silly utilities.
But hey, silly utilities is a great thing to use LLMs for.
But he highlighted some with a recent blog post, a collection of tools that he feels are genuinely useful and worth highlighting with some descriptions.
So go ahead and link to that because it's a fun.
I wanted something positive.
I do think that the work Simon's doing is really great.
So, but a lot of people are not Simon.
A lot of people do bad things with AI.
So I also wanted to link to the AI Darwin Awards, which there's a bunch of nominees for horrible things people are doing with AI.
And it's sort of funny.
This is funny, but also it's serious.
And I'm going to highlight a couple of them.
One of them, apparently McDonald's AI chatbot had some problems.
And there was a default password of 123456 that didn't take people long to figure out, which is insane that they use that as their admin password.
And this one I heard about earlier this year, this showed up in, was it, it's a list of literary fiction about fiction.
So a summer reading list, and this showed up in the Chicago Sun-Times and somewhere else.
15 book recommendations for summer reading.
Only five of those books were real, and nobody caught it before it got published in two places.
This is insane.
Some of the authors contacted, it was Washington Post and Chicago Sun-Times.
Some of the authors contacted the newspaper and said, I didn't write that book, so I don't know why.
he listed it.
That's hilarious.
Well, maybe they should.
On the happy birthday, happy 20th anniversary birthday for Django, Talk Python episode, talking with them, and there's something that was being recommended so often to be used as a Django feature or function.
Like they couldn't make it stop, so they just added it.
It's like, fine, it's going to do it then.
So they could just write the book.
They're like, look, you know what?
This is like number one for the summer reading list.
Let me quick write that book.
That's good.
And have some AI write it for me.
Yeah.
That's not a bad idea, but it's hard to write a book in a couple weeks.
Yeah, well, if AI can write your summer reading list, it can write your book.
All right.
Those are my extras.
Super.
Okay.
I got a few.
Anthony Shaw, a friend of the show, wrote a really nice article called Python has had async for 10 years.
Why is it more popular?
Really cool article.
Check that out.
It's got a lot of interesting ideas there.
It also made it to number two on Hacker News and had 323 upvotes and almost 300 comments.
So it's got quite a bit of introspection here.
some of the thoughts are just idiots from the Go community. Like, well, Go does it right, so that's why Python is wrong. It doesn't do it like Go.
It's like, I'm not sure how constructive that is.
So maybe the next bit of feedback is more relevant. But still, it's got some interesting comments and thoughts
in there. So I'll link to that, and then obviously
it bumps over to the main article by Mr. Shah.
Last weekend, I was on the PyCon Africa fundraiser, which was a four-hour, 33-minute, and three-second livestream conference panel-type sort of deal.
I was on for the last 90 minutes.
So Carlton Gibson and some...
Sheena and Kim VanWijk, friend of the show as well.
I sort of kicked it off, if I remember that correctly.
And yeah, it's pretty interesting.
People can check it out.
They link to a support PyCon Africa if you want to make donations to help them get to a goal.
Basically, a bunch of funding ran out.
The PSF said, hey, sure, we'll give out some grants.
And there was way more demand.
And they realized, oh, my goodness, we can't give that much help.
I think it's more or less the short version.
So you'll check that out.
I'll link to that.
And then, yeah, I'm down to jokes.
A joke.
I'll let you do the last joke.
I'll do the second to last joke.
It's almost fall, but not really.
I mean, maybe it is, but it's going to be a warm day.
As you pointed out, the sun is out.
You got your moi lookout, right?
So, I mean, what a better time for like an icy or something, a slurpee, if you will.
Yeah.
So, I can't zoom on it.
So, there's the Mountain Dew Freeze.
There's some kind of Fanta or something that's just off screen that's green.
They got the blue.
And then there's one next to it that is like the crashed boot sequence of Ubuntu or some Linux embed.
And these are like the little pictures that show you like what flavor it is.
So the dark blue one here and the subtitle is, bro, I'm getting the BIOS flavor.
And the comments are great because down here you go a little bit.
He goes, wait, it's system D flavor.
He goes, man, that looks like Linux flavor to me.
That's just empty.
Anyway.
And, well, there's your proof.
Penguins make the best slushies.
Okay, now you know that that's the Linux.
Oh, it's fresh pseudo Slurpee.
Fresh pseudo Slurpee.
What flavor of Linux is that?
Is that mint or cinnamon?
I mean, it's so good.
It just keeps going.
Bro, I'm getting the BIOS flavor.
I love it.
I get, but okay, so this is, so we've got like, I mean, cool that you can program the image in the Slurpee machine, but maybe.
I mean, we just had like little pieces of plastic in there when I was a kid, lighten up what flavor of Slurpee it was.
No, not anymore we don't.
I mean, it's just like, it's technology gone too far.
You literally could get like a transparent, translucent color thing with a backlight and just slot it in there.
Yeah.
I don't know.
It could just be white even with like a grease pen to just tell people what flavor it is.
Yeah, just some masking tape and a Sharpie.
I guess you don't have to ship around.
If you got a new flavor with a new logo, you don't have to ship like a thousand little plates around.
But yeah, I think it makes for good jokes.
That's good.
That's the reason.
Yeah.
All right.
i i have an ai related joke um which uh so let's hop over to that um so there's somebody uh grace on blue sky posted uh uh interaction with chat gpt and this is fun to do is there a seahorse emoji emoji and chat gpt crashes out it says yes uh uh tropical fish there is a seahorse emoji tropical fish unicorn actual correction this is there is a dedicated seahorse emoji tropical fish fish dolphin but the true heat seahorse emoji is uh tropical fish nope wait i'm not going to read all of this but it crashes out it finally says that maybe it thinks the crab is um it's not it maybe the mollusk or the seal uh anyway it just it's it's a funny interaction so i'm like is this real and a lot of people posted that they tried it out so i wanted to try it out uh i tried it out on chat gpt just this morning not five i don't know what it is whatever the default is if you just log in yeah it auto i think yeah it also crashed out it's like oh yeah that's a unicorn no one more try lobster none of these are and then but it did at the end it said um uh would you like to suggest the seahorse emoji to the unicode consortium i can show you how i'm sure those people appreciate this comment this meme dude i got 700 emails in my inbox this morning what's going on so i'm like maybe it's just chat gpt's bad uh what would what's claude do uh so i tried it on claude ai and um it also it it didn't crash out long for very long it said yes there is it gave me the unicorn said wait i made an error that's actually the unicorn emoji the seahorse emoji is horse actually let me correct myself again that's the horse emoji but then it says you know i don't think there is um and it gave up really fast uh so yeah you got to look at the
fine print down there it says wait i made a catastrophic error and panicked i've emptied the ocean.
Yeah, anyway.
No. It does suggest that you could potentially combine a horse and a water wave emoji. It's kind of creative.
I probably would do it the other way around, of like the water wave plus horse. Yeah, that's true.
Maybe water on both sides of the horse.
I don't know.
Oh, Marco's really nailed it out in the audience. I'd use a wave plus unicorn for the narwhal.
Like a narwhal sort of equivalent.
Yeah, very nice.
Anyway, fun with ChatGPT.
Yeah, again, we live in weird and amazing times.
So weird.
All right.
Very fun episode.
Thanks for being here as always, Brian.
Catch you later.
Bye.